README.md, before:

# Fluid-dynamic characteristics of speech-driven flows of the most-common natural languages
This research will aim to qualify and ultimately gain a grasp of the fluid dynamic characteristics of airflow out of a person's mouth while speaking. The focus will be on the flow's turbulent properties downstream. The most spoken languages, globally, will be considered, including: English, Mandarin, Hindi, and Spanish. 

Focus will be on the time-dependent turbulent properties [1] of the different language-based flows, with particular interest in the fluid dynamics of the most common words spoken within each selected langague. The change of these properties for varying speaking loudness (dB) will also be the focus.

Once an adequate picture of the dynamics is constructed, attention then can shift to applying this insight towards designing more effective Personal Protective Equipment (see our [CFD research](https://github.com/TessellateDataScience/faceShieldOptimisations)).

## Use of our work
All applicable content is released under a Creative Commons License. Specifically, our content is available under their Attribution 4.0 International Public License. See the [CC BY 4.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) for more specific details.

All applicable intellectual property (IP) we generate is made available under an Open COVID License. Specifically, our IP is released under their Patent and Copyright version 1.1 license. See the [OCL-PC v1.1 license](https://opencovidpledge.org/v1-1-ocl-pc/) for more specific details.

Due to this IP license expiring, we have from the date of it's expiry adopted our own pledge (defined within this document as 'Our Pledge'). Our Pledge includes an infinite duration that this license has adopted as it's Time Limitation clause. 

## Further reading
1. Applying Computational Fluid Dynamics to Speech (Anderson 2005)

Commit message:

README: scope of words/elements changed

README.md, after:

# Fluid-dynamic characteristics of speech-driven flows of the most-common natural languages
This research will aim to qualify and ultimately gain a grasp of the fluid dynamic characteristics of airflow out of a person's mouth while speaking. Focus will be on the flow's turbulent properties downstream, such as distance of the jet propagation for varying time. The most spoken languages, globally, will be considered, including: English, Mandarin, Hindi, and Spanish. 

Particular interest is in the turbulent properties of the most common high-momentum generating elements within each selected langague, such as the 'pa' sound in English. The change of these properties for varying speaking loudness (dB) will also be investigated.

Once an adequate picture of the dynamics is constructed, attention then can shift to applying this insight towards designing more effective Personal Protective Equipment (see our [CFD research](https://github.com/TessellateDataScience/faceShieldOptimisations)).

## Use of our work
All applicable content is released under a Creative Commons License. Specifically, our content is available under their Attribution 4.0 International Public License. See the [CC BY 4.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) for more specific details.

All applicable intellectual property (IP) we generate is made available under an Open COVID License. Specifically, our IP is released under their Patent and Copyright version 1.1 license. See the [OCL-PC v1.1 license](https://opencovidpledge.org/v1-1-ocl-pc/) for more specific details.

Due to this IP license expiring, we have from the date of it's expiry adopted our own pledge (defined within this document as 'Our Pledge'). Our Pledge includes an infinite duration that this license has adopted as it's Time Limitation clause. 

## Further reading
1. Applying Computational Fluid Dynamics to Speech (Anderson 2005)
